com/example/imoviesmanager/SeriesFragmento.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SeriesFragmento
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SeriesFragmento$1
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SeriesFragmento$2
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SeriesFragmento$3
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SeriesFragmento$4
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SeriesFragmento$5
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SeriesFragmento$6
com/example/imoviesmanager/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.BuildConfig
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/AppBarBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.AppBarBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/ActivityForgotPasswordBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.ActivityForgotPasswordBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/NavHeaderInicioBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.NavHeaderInicioBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/ActivityDetallesPeliculasBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.ActivityDetallesPeliculasBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/ContenidoInicioBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.ContenidoInicioBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/API.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.API
com/example/imoviesmanager/ResultadosBarraBusquedaActivity.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.ResultadosBarraBusquedaActivity
 com.example.imoviesmanager.ResultadosBarraBusquedaActivity$1
 com.example.imoviesmanager.ResultadosBarraBusquedaActivity$2
com/example/imoviesmanager/PeliculasFragmento.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasFragmento
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasFragmento$1
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasFragmento$2
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasFragmento$3
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasFragmento$4
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasFragmento$5
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasFragmento$6
com/example/imoviesmanager/FavoritesActivity.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.FavoritesActivity
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/FragmentPeliculasBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.FragmentPeliculasBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/usuario.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.usuario
com/example/imoviesmanager/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.LoginActivity
 com.example.imoviesmanager.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.imoviesmanager.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.imoviesmanager.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.imoviesmanager.LoginActivity$4
 com.example.imoviesmanager.LoginActivity$5
 com.example.imoviesmanager.LoginActivity$6
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/ActivityInicioBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.ActivityInicioBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/SeriesFavoritasFragmento.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SeriesFavoritasFragmento
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SeriesFavoritasFragmento$1
com/example/imoviesmanager/ForgotPassword.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.ForgotPassword
 com.example.imoviesmanager.ForgotPassword$1
 com.example.imoviesmanager.ForgotPassword$2
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/ViewholderPeliculasTopBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.ViewholderPeliculasTopBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/ContenidoDetallesPeliculasBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.ContenidoDetallesPeliculasBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/PeliculasFavoritasFragmento.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasFavoritasFragmento
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasFavoritasFragmento$1
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/FragmentMoviesFavoritesBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.FragmentMoviesFavoritesBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SignUpActivity
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SignUpActivity$1
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SignUpActivity$2
 com.example.imoviesmanager.SignUpActivity$3
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/FragmentPeliculasFavoritasBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.FragmentPeliculasFavoritasBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/LayoutResultadoBusquedaBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.LayoutResultadoBusquedaBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/FragmentSeriesFavoritasFragmentoBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.FragmentSeriesFavoritasFragmentoBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/FragmentSeriesFragmentoBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.FragmentSeriesFragmentoBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/InicioActivity.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.InicioActivity
 com.example.imoviesmanager.InicioActivity$1
 com.example.imoviesmanager.InicioActivity$2
com/example/imoviesmanager/MainActivity.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.MainActivity
 com.example.imoviesmanager.MainActivity$1
com/example/imoviesmanager/PeliculasAdaptador.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasAdaptador
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasAdaptador$1
 com.example.imoviesmanager.PeliculasAdaptador$ViewHolder
com/example/imoviesmanager/Peliculas.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.Peliculas
com/example/imoviesmanager/DetallesPeliculasActivity.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.DetallesPeliculasActivity
 com.example.imoviesmanager.DetallesPeliculasActivity$1
 com.example.imoviesmanager.DetallesPeliculasActivity$2
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/ActivityResultadosBarraBusquedaBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.ActivityResultadosBarraBusquedaBinding
com/example/imoviesmanager/ResultadoBarraBusquedaAdaptador.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.ResultadoBarraBusquedaAdaptador
 com.example.imoviesmanager.ResultadoBarraBusquedaAdaptador$1
 com.example.imoviesmanager.ResultadoBarraBusquedaAdaptador$2
 com.example.imoviesmanager.ResultadoBarraBusquedaAdaptador$ViewHolder
com/example/imoviesmanager/FavoritesViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.FavoritesViewPagerAdapter
com/example/imoviesmanager/databinding/ActivityFavoritesBinding.java
 com.example.imoviesmanager.databinding.ActivityFavoritesBinding
